Moving on we're gonna talk about positions whether that's going to be static whether that's going to
be fixed.
We also have relative an absolute.
Not the first one is going to be static.
But to tell you honestly most of the this video we're gonna do with the setup for the next positions
because the static is gonna be by default and there's gonna be nothing really exciting about that position
value.
Now what I would want to do is I'm gonna get rid of this Dave.
I'm gonna say there's gonna be another Dave just a simple Dave.
Then let's add a two paragraphs with let's say I don't know 40 words here or maybe you know what.
That was an overkill I think 20 is gonna be fine.
I can just save it.
So that's gonna be my paragraph then for this guy I'm gonna add class of 1 then I'm gonna do exactly
the same with the next one where the class is gonna be number two.
That's gonna be sufficient enough.
And then within this paragraph let me add this back.
I can tell you right away though that again this plan is not special.
The positioning we're going to use is gonna be special but it's gonna work with any kind of element.
In my case I'm using Spain as an example but you can use anything.
And here I'm gonna say I am.
Or Hey I am so hey buddy I am absolute now at this moment.
He is not or she is not absolute at all.
But later on we're gonna make it absolute and let's say class is gonna be special and this is gonna
be our special kid.
We have the hey I'm absolute.
So what do we have in CSX.
Let's start with Dave.
Dave is gonna be boarder and I have a warning for you in this video or next following videos.
The coloring is not gonna be the most exciting one who's gonna be actually quite hideous but hopefully
we're gonna be able to get through this.
Let's do background yellow.
And my hope was is that it would help you at least understand the general idea what we'll see.
Maybe it's gonna be the opposite.
Maybe you'll be like well this doesn't make sense at all.
So I don't know.
We'll see we'll have margin to operate away.
Again this is gonna make a little bit more sense later on.
So I have the day.
It has a margin top.
You know what.
I'm gonna have more.
I'm gonna say 40 pixels.
Then what else I have.
Well I have two paragraphs now for that one.
I'm gonna do a I'm not padding.
Background is gonna be blue.
So that's my one.
Then I'm also gonna select it and I'm going to select it properly.
I'm going to say oh you know what.
And the lead in I'm gonna say that I'm selecting this guy.
We are copying pasting for number two.
I don't know we can do maybe number two is gonna be I don't know what we could do.
Green what do you think.
Yeah I think green is gonna be fine.
Okay so we have number two and then we have the class of special.
Now for a class of special let's just add.
I don't know.
Background and I chose something like this like coral which is again going to be very very hairy.
But we're gonna live with that font size.
I don't know 20 pixels something like this.
So this is gonna be my spam.
Like I said position static is very very boring because all the elements again by default just have
this position static what position Static means in general that if I had this class with para I'm sorry
paragraph with the class of number two after the paragraph with the class of 1 This is how it's gonna
be displayed.
So that's gonna be exactly our normal flow of document.
So if I'm having here in the span let's say after the text then this is gonna be displayed after text.
Now where would you use the position of static.
Well similarly remember how we had the text the line property.
So if I had let's say text on line of all of them right.
If I would want some of them just to be normal one I used to use a text and then we use text the line
left.
Now in general by default all of them were and this is obviously a mistake all of them were text aligned
to the left.
But if you set the parent to some kind of let's say text line right then you use this default one well
the same with the position static.
If you're going to use some kind of different positioning for the parent then if you would want some
other one within that parent to have the normal positioning when the static then you would use position
static otherwise you can write it here I can say position and I'm not going to use a relative.
I'm going to use static.
You'll notice that nothing is going to change because by default all of them having this position static.
So that's the reason why everything stays the same.